# 2026-05-22
## Postoperative Examination

### Original 🤔
Tomorrow I’m going for a follow-up checkup for the varicose vein surgery I had a year ago.  
Visually, the blue veins have disappeared and everything looks fine, but I sometimes feel like my blood flow is sluggish.  
I'm going to listen to the doctor's findings.  
By the way, I have a hard time accurately describing my pain and symptoms to doctors.  
The Japanese language has a wealth of expressions for these concepts. I am acutely aware of my own lack of vocabulary.  

### Corrected 🤖
I’m going for a follow-up check-up tomorrow for the varicose vein surgery I had a year ago.  
Visually, the blue veins have disappeared and everything looks fine, but sometimes I feel like my blood flow is sluggish.  
I'm going to see what the doctor says.  
Incidentally, I find it difficult to accurately describe my pain and symptoms to doctors.  
The Japanese language has many expressions for these concepts. I am acutely aware of my own lack of vocabulary in this area.  

### Memo (dum!)
  英語で痛みは”pain”ぐらいかな？症状についてはさすがに多様だ　痛みを多様化する日本語表現と方向性が異なるようだ  
🤖  In English, isn’t “pain” the only word we have to describe pain? When it comes to symptoms, however, the range is clearly much broader than that. While Japanese has words to describe various types of pain, English seems to take a different approach.  

### Picked Phrase
- my own lack of vocabulary in this area  この分野に限らずです　DeepLの忖度かないささか鼻につく 🤖  It’s not just in this area—DeepL’s tendency to second-guess the user is a bit annoying.  
