# 2026-06-08
## Three Writers 

### Original 🤔
I have three writer friends who are from my hometown.  
One of them is a man with a background as a high-ranking bureaucrat, and his writing is used in middle school entrance exams.  
The other is a monk from a sect that doesn't require its members to shave their heads; although his book is a spiritual work, it was published by a publisher known for bestsellers.  
And the last one is an old friend of mine. He has written a wide variety of books, ranging from finance to mystery novels and travelogues.  
He and I exchange emails sometimes, but we only see each other once or twice a year.  
He’s a multi-talented man who inspires me every time I see him. I’m looking forward to his new book!  

### Corrected 🤖
I have three writer friends who are from my hometown.  
One of them is a man who used to be a high-ranking bureaucrat, and his writing is used in middle school entrance exams.  
The other is a monk from a sect that doesn't require its members to shave their heads. Although his book is a spiritual work, it was published by a publisher known for bestsellers.  
The last one is an old friend of mine. He has written many different kinds of books, from finance books to mystery novels and travelogues.  
We sometimes exchange emails, but we only see each other once or twice a year.  
He has many talents and he inspires me. I can't wait for his new book!  

### Memo (dum!)
みんな筆が立つ、でも真のプロフェッショナルといえるのは3番目の旧友だな　応援してる  
🤖  Everyone’s a talented writer, but the one who’s truly a professional is my old friend, number three. I’m rooting for you.  

### Picked Phrase
- I can't wait for his new book!   「待てない」って表現するの？   🤖  Is “I can't wait” the right way to say it?  
