# 2026-05-29
## Hey, DeepL! 

### Original 🤔
I was listening to the radio this morning, and they mentioned that they use Gemini to reply to emails in foreign languages.  
I use DeepL, but when I asked Gemini, “Can you beat him?” the answer was convincing.  
“If DeepL were an Olympic gold medalist specializing in translation, I (Gemini) would be a decathlete who can handle language and context with ease,” Gemini said.  
And “‘When it comes to translations that resonate with readers’ or ‘creative adaptations that take the context of the story into account,’ I’m confident I’m the clear winner!” Gemini said.  

### Corrected 🤖
I heard on the radio that they use Gemini to reply to emails in foreign languages.  
I use DeepL, but when I asked Gemini, "Can you beat him?" the answer was convincing.  
Gemini said, "If DeepL were an Olympic gold medalist specializing in translation, I (Gemini) would be a decathlete who can handle language and context with ease."  
"When it comes to translations that resonate with readers or creative adaptations that take the context of the story into account, I'm confident I'm the clear winner!" Gemini said.  

### Memo (dum!)
 まあしばらくはDeepLに頼るけれど、ボクの不満はGeminiのいうとおりだ  
🤖  Well, I'll stick with DeepL for a while, but I agree with Gemini on this point.  

### Picked Phrase
- I was listening to the radio this morning.   オリジナルの方が詩的でしょう　カーペンターズの歌にこのフレーズありそう   🤖  The original version is more poetic, isn't it? That phrase sounds like something I'd find in the Carpenters song.  
